poincare/README.md, before:

# poincare
Code for poincare surface creation using VTK-m

# Summit Build
```
module load git-lfs
module load gcc/9.1.0
module load cuda/11.0.3
module load cmake/3.21.3
module load adios2

mkdir build
cd build

cmake \
 -DCMAKE_CXX_COMPILER=/sw/summit/gcc/9.1.0-alpha+20190716/bin/g++ \
 -DCMAKE_C_COMPILER=/sw/summit/gcc/9.1.0-alpha+20190716/bin/gcc \
 -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release \
 -DVTKm_NO_DEPRECATED_VIRTUAL=ON \
 -DVTKm_ENABLE_TESTING=OFF \
 -DBUILD_TESTING=OFF \
 -DVTKm_ENABLE_EXAMPLES=ON\
 -DVTKm_ENABLE_CUDA=ON \
 -DVTKm_ENABLE_OPENMP=ON \
 -DVTKm_ENABLE_MPI=OFF \
 -DADIOS2_DIR=/sw/summit/spack-envs/base/opt/linux-rhel8-ppc64le/gcc-7.5.0/adios2-2.7.1-qtvhwjxzdlbro3zv7zytmxm72fc3a5d5/lib64/cmake/adios2 \
 -DVTKm_USE_DOUBLE_PRECISION=ON \
../vtk-m

make

```

# Run on Summit
Below is an example to run on a cyclone dataset on Summit.

```
Running cyclone case:

jsrun -n1 -a1 -c20 -g1 ./examples/poincare/Poincare  --vField B --dir ../data/run_1920 --traces 0 --useHighOrder --turbulence 1 --psiRange .05 .95 10 8 --gpu  --output OUTPUT --numPunc 200 --gpuParams 256 128 --stepSize 0.1 --test

Running Streaming case:
Reading panout.1

jsrun -n1 -a1 -c20 -g1 ./examples/poincare/Poincare  --dir <data directory> --gpu  --output OUT.1 --numPunc 100 --gpuParams 256 128 --stepSize 0.05 --streaming panout.1.bp  --psiRange 0.95 1.05 100 12 --xml ../poincare.xml


Note: this uses --useLinearB while I fix the issue with interpolation.

Running on whoopingcough:

./examples/poincare/Poincare --dir /media/dpn/disk2TB/proj/vtkm/XGCLocator/data/XGC_GB/su458_ITER_data --useHighOrder --turbulence 1 --openmp  --output OUT --numPunc 100 --gpuParams 256 128 --stepSize 0.01 --dumpSeeds --parseAdios xgc.particle.0000000.init.bp 1 |tee out



```

Commit message:

Adding instrumentation to poincare Adding instrumentation to poincare, and cleaning up measurement in diffusion and heatload to work with TAU output to ADIOS files.  Updated README to show how to use with `tau_exec`.

poincare/README.md, after:

# poincare
Code for poincare surface creation using VTK-m

# Summit Build
```
module load git-lfs
module load gcc/9.1.0
module load cuda/11.0.3
module load cmake/3.21.3
module load libfabric/1.12.1-sysrdma  # needed by adios

# Use the ADIOS for XGC
export ADIOS_DIR=/gpfs/alpine/world-shared/phy122/lib/install/summit/adios2/devel/gcc9.1.0

mkdir build
cd build

cmake \
 -DCMAKE_CXX_COMPILER=/sw/summit/gcc/9.1.0-alpha+20190716/bin/g++ \
 -DCMAKE_C_COMPILER=/sw/summit/gcc/9.1.0-alpha+20190716/bin/gcc \
 -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release \
 -DVTKm_NO_DEPRECATED_VIRTUAL=ON \
 -DVTKm_ENABLE_TESTING=OFF \
 -DBUILD_TESTING=OFF \
 -DVTKm_ENABLE_EXAMPLES=ON\
 -DVTKm_ENABLE_CUDA=ON \
 -DVTKm_ENABLE_OPENMP=ON \
 -DVTKm_ENABLE_MPI=OFF \
 -DADIOS2_DIR=${ADIOS_DIR}/lib64/cmake/adios2 \
 -DVTKm_USE_DOUBLE_PRECISION=ON \
../vtk-m

make

```

# Run on Summit
Below is an example to run on a cyclone dataset on Summit.

```
Running cyclone case:

jsrun -n1 -a1 -c20 -g1 ./examples/poincare/Poincare  --vField B --dir ../data/run_1920 --traces 0 --useHighOrder --turbulence 1 --psiRange .05 .95 10 8 --gpu  --output OUTPUT --numPunc 200 --gpuParams 256 128 --stepSize 0.1 --test

Running Streaming case:
Reading panout.1

jsrun -n1 -a1 -c20 -g1 ./examples/poincare/Poincare  --dir <data directory> --gpu  --output OUT.1 --numPunc 100 --gpuParams 256 128 --stepSize 0.05 --streaming panout.1.bp  --psiRange 0.95 1.05 100 12 --xml ../poincare.xml


Note: this uses --useLinearB while I fix the issue with interpolation.

Running on whoopingcough:

./examples/poincare/Poincare --dir /media/dpn/disk2TB/proj/vtkm/XGCLocator/data/XGC_GB/su458_ITER_data --useHighOrder --turbulence 1 --openmp  --output OUT --numPunc 100 --gpuParams 256 128 --stepSize 0.01 --dumpSeeds --parseAdios xgc.particle.0000000.init.bp 1 |tee out

```

Note: poincare has been updated to include the perfstubs timers.  These timers will link automatically with TAU when the analysis is run with tau_exec.
